Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu says his country has
challenging days ahead but is prepared
for all scenarios following the killing
of senior leaders of two iranian-backed
groups Mr Netanyahu said Israel had
dealt what he described as a crushing
blow to its enemies through the attack
that killed the Hezbollah leader in
Lebanon that death and the killing of
the political leader of Hamas in Teran
are driving fears of an escalation in
the conflict the Hamas leader is my Hana
was in the Iranian Capital where on
Sunday he was a guest at the
inauguration of the country's new
president according to Iranian State
media he was killed when the building he
was staying in was struck by a missile
around 2 a.m. local time Israel hasn't
commented specifically on that death but
Israel did claim responsibility for the
death of a senior Commander from the
Iranian backed Hezbollah group F shuker
was killed in an air strike in the
Lebanese Capital Beirut he says his body
has now been recovered well here is some
of what Benjamin Netanyahu had to say in
his televised address in the last hour
there is an alliance of Life between
us and the murder of these innocent
children has added to this endless
suffering of our dear inhabitants of the
north who are displaced now and have
been hit so hard but we will not remain
silent we have now we have hit out at M
and we will continue doing so against
anyone who murders our citizens and
hurts our country then his days are
numbered citizens of Israel there were
very challenging days of us ahead we
have been hearing those threats from
everywhere we are ready for any scenario
and we will stand cohes and ready
against any threat they will pay a price
if there
any aggression against us wherever that
theater
is well we'll have more detail in a
moment on the death of the Hezbollah
Commander but first the killing of
hamas's political leader Ismael Hana he
was born in a refugee camp in Gaza in
1963 and was a key member of Hamas from
its Inception he was imprisoned by
Israel several times and at one point
was expelled to South Lebanon for six
months in 20 2003 he survived an attempt
to kill him by Israel along with hamas's
founder he was elected head of hamas's
political Bureau in 2017 and in recent
years he lived in Exile moving between
turkey and qar he had been playing a key
role in negotiations over a ceasefire
deal in Gaza and is the most senior
Hamas figure to be killed since the
groups attacks on Israel on the 7th of
October well Iran has declared three
three days of mourning for Ismael Hana
and the supreme leader Ayatollah Ali
Hami has promised what he called harsh
punishment against Israel meanwhile the
UN Security Council says it's going to
hold an emergency meeting Secretary
General Antonio gues called the strikes
on tan and Beirut a dangerous
escalation and we're also seeing that uh
thousands of Turks are together for
what's being described as a symbolic
funeral prayer for the Hamas leader
Ismael Han
followed by a protest March